[CUMULUS-2248] Update Integration Test README (#1972)
nasa/cumulus: example/README.md

### Adding tests for an existing workflow

Workflow tests are located in the `/spec/parallel` or `/spec/serial` directory depending on whether or not they can run in parallel or not. Any tests and supporting JSON files can go in there.

### Adding a new test workflow

The workflow should be configured as it would be for a normal Cumulus deployment in a workflows terraform file. It must be deployed to the current deployment if testing locally.

The workflows terraform files are located in the `/example/cumulus-tf` directory and are split up to make the workflows easier to find and understand.

> A new directory should be added in either the `/spec/parallel` directory if the test workflow can be run in parallel. The tests should go in the newly created directory along with any necessary input JSON files. Otherwise, the new test workflow should be added to the `/spec/serial` directory. Only if the test should be run outside of the test suite should it go in the `standalone` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new directory should be added in the `/spec/parallel` directory if the test workflow can be run in parallel. The tests should go in the newly created directory along with any necessary input JSON files. Otherwise, the new test workflow should be added to the `/spec/serial` directory. Only if the test should be run outside of the test suite should it go in the `standalone` directory.
```

Author: Ah, good catch. TY

### Adding tests for an existing workflow

> Workflow tests are located in the `/spec/<workflow-name>` directory. Any tests and supporting JSON files can go in there.

Reviewer: Sorry to keep nitpicking, especially since these bad docs aren't your fault, but this isn't true. The workflow tests are either in can be in spec/serial or spec/parallel depending on whether they can be run in parallel or not

Author: No worries, I will update that!

### Adding a new test workflow

The workflow should be configured as it would be for a normal Cumulus deployment in a workflows terraform file. It must be deployed to the current deployment if testing locally.

The workflows terraform files are located in the `/example/cumulus-tf` directory and are split up to make the workflows easier to find and understand.

> A new directory should be added in the `/spec` directory for the workflow and the tests should go into that directory with the input JSON files.

Reviewer: Can we re-word this somehow? Since the directories aren't being added directly to `spec/`

Author: Yeah, I re-wrote it, let me know what you think https://github.com/nasa/cumulus/pull/1972/commits/f24fb2d987e0d419e22242c6df6d264034b43b68

## Fake data server

A fake server is required for tests testing FTP/HTTP/HTTPS discover and downloads. The fake server should be set up once per account.

The Cloudformation template for the fake data server is in `fake-provider-cf.yml`. To setup the fake server, you can use the AWS CLI or AWS Console.

If you want to use the AWS CLI, run:

```bash
aws cloudformation deploy --template-file fake-provider-cf.yml --stack-name <stack-name> --parameter-overrides VpcId=<vpc-XXXXX> Subnet=<subnet-XXXXXX> PermissionsBoundary=<permissions-boundary> NGAPProtAppInstanceMinimalPolicyName=<policy-name> LatestAmiId=<ami-id> FtpPassword=<ftp-password> Bucket=<bucket-name> Prefix=<prefix> --capabilities CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM
```

with the following parameters:

- stack-name - Stack name for the fake server
- VpcId - VPC ID
- Subnet - Subnet ID
- PermissionsBoundary - A permissions boundary from NGAP. 
- NGAPProtAppInstanceMinimalPolicyName - Will be included in the list of Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of the IAM managed policies we want to attach to the user.

> - LatestAmiId - An SSM parameter value that resolve to an Amazon Machine Image ID value. When deploying within NGAP, the SMM parameter is provided by NGAP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- LatestAmiId - An SSM parameter value that resolves to an Amazon Machine Image ID value. When deploying within NGAP, the SSM parameter is provided by NGAP.
```

## Fake data server

A fake server is required for tests testing FTP/HTTP/HTTPS discover and downloads. The fake server should be set up once per account.

The Cloudformation template for the fake data server is in `fake-provider-cf.yml`. To setup the fake server, you can use the AWS CLI or AWS Console.

If you want to use the AWS CLI, run:

```bash
aws cloudformation deploy --template-file fake-provider-cf.yml --stack-name <stack-name> --parameter-overrides VpcId=<vpc-XXXXX> Subnet=<subnet-XXXXXX> PermissionsBoundary=<permissions-boundary> NGAPProtAppInstanceMinimalPolicyName=<policy-name> LatestAmiId=<ami-id> FtpPassword=<ftp-password> Bucket=<bucket-name> Prefix=<prefix> --capabilities CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM
```

with the following parameters:

- stack-name - Stack name for the fake server
- VpcId - VPC ID
- Subnet - Subnet ID
- PermissionsBoundary - A permissions boundary from NGAP. 
- NGAPProtAppInstanceMinimalPolicyName - Will be included in the list of Amazon Resource Names (ARNs) of the IAM managed policies we want to attach to the user.

> - LatestAmiId - The most recent Amazon Machine Image ID

Reviewer: This parameter is very poorly named, but it's actually an SSM parameter value that resolves to an Amazon Machine Image ID value. You can note that the SSM parameter is provided by NGAP.

> - FtpPassword -

Reviewer: "Password for the FTP server created by the stack"

> - Bucket - 

Reviewer: Should just be "S3 bucket name", because I believe it can be any bucket.

Author: Is there a reason that "internal" is used frequently for the value of bucket?

Reviewer: Do you mean why is the "internal" bucket frequently used as the parameter value? If so, I think it's arbitrary, because usually we use our "internal" bucket for internal configuration such as for the fake provider. Also, the "internal" bucket shouldn't ever be written to by workflows, so it is "safer"

- Prefix - Any string, generally a DAAC's name

Alternatively, you can use the AWS Console. Navigate to `CloudFormation > Create Stack with new resources > Create template in designer` and paste the contents of `fake-provider-cf.yml` into the template box. Be sure to choose `YAML` as the template language.

### Update data bucket

> By default, the data location is the `cumulus-data-shared` S3 bucket. To use a different bucket for test data, update `fake-provider-cf.yml` with the alternative bucket and re-deploy the fake data server.

Reviewer: I'm not sure this is relevant anymore either. There is no `cumulus-data-shared` bucket on our account. I think all the test data is manually added to the EC2 instance by the startup script in `fake-provider-cf.yml`, so I believe this section can just go away

Ideally the test can run in parallel with other tests and should be put in the `parallel` folder. If it cannot be, it should go in the `spec` folder. Only if the test should be run outside of the test suite should it go in the `standalone` folder.

## Fake Data Server

A fake server is required for tests testing FTP/HTTP/HTTPS discover and downloads. The fake server should be set up once per account.

The Cloudformation template for the fake data server is in `fake-provider-cf.yml`. To setup the fake server, you can use the AWS CLI or AWS Console.

If you want to use the AWS CLI, run:

```bash

> aws cloudformation deploy --template-file fake-provider-cf.yml --stack-name <stack-name> --parameter-overrides VpcId=<vpc-XXXXX> SubnetId=<subnet-XXXXXX> AZone=<az-zone> Ngap=true --capabilities CAPABILITY_NAMED_IAM

Reviewer: I don't think this template supports an `AZone` parameter or `Ngap` parameters. And `SubnetId` is actually `Subnet` for this template. Plus, there are additional parameters for `Bucket`, `FtpPassword`, `NGAPProtAppInstanceMinimalPolicyName`, `LatestAmiId`, and `PermissionsBoundary`. I know that you had to remove some of them to deploy your template outside of NGAP.

If you want to at least remove AZone and Ngap and rename SubnetId -> Subnet, I can take care of adding the documentation for the other parameters.

Author: I've updated the parameters list but am not sure what description to put for Bucket, FtpPassword, NGAPProtAppInstanceMinimalPolicyName. If you could look over all the descriptions and suggest some for `FtpPassword` and `Bucket`, that would be great!

- AZone - Availability zone, needs to match the Subnet ID's availability zone
- Ngap - `true` if in an NASA NGAP environment, will add the NGAP permission boundary to the IAM role created

> In the outputs section of your Cloudformation deployment in the AWS console, you can find the IP address of the fake server created. To use this fake server with the tests, update the provider configurations in `example/data/providers` to use this host address.

Author: I don't think this is relevant any longer but please correct me if I am wrong.

Reviewer: Yeah, this is no longer relevant. Good catch
